mym-android
===========

Match Your Market (Mym) Introduction The application is a game called “Match Your Market” (Mym). The game is divided into two parts where the user is given a Virtual Share Market to get a feel of functioning of trading and a Quiz part to enrich his know how about the various technicalities related to trading. He is provided with an environment which emulates a market and allowed to perform basic functions such as buy and sell shares of a particular company which is enlisted. The aim is to familiarize a person to the environment of the share market in a fun way where he can get a sense of how the market functions. The player should aim to maximize his profits to end up on top of the leader board and claim the title of “The Richest Man Alive”. This drives the player to make calculated and smart decisions in order to make it to the top. The Quiz part of the game is to help the player understand about various things related to the world of trading. Through the Quiz the player stands to earn money to be used to trade in “The Market”. The objective of the Quiz is to create awareness and educate the player about the terminologies and other basics related to share market. Application Components Splash Screen: The splash screen consists of the application name being displayed whilst the application is loading. Menu: The user can pull out the menu panel by performing the swipe motion from the extreme right part of the screen to the left or by performing the touch gesture on the “Mym” logo. The Menu consists of 6 sections:     Quiz: This section takes the user to the Quiz part of the game. The basic aim of the quiz is to help the players get familiar to the world of trading. The quiz is a medium for the players to generate money to be used in “The Market” part of the application. The Quiz can be attended at any time and the user can increase his capital using the Quiz. The Market: This section is the Virtual market presented to the user. The virtual market is created to give a feel of how the market operates and what are the basic operations that take place in the market. Each session of “The Market” lasts for an hour. The moment the user starts “The Market” that particular session lasts for an hour and after that the market closes for that session. Stock Status: This section shows the players the status of the stock when the market is closed. My Shares: This section is an account of all the shares purchased by the user. Here the user can find how much money he has invested in a particular company and the amount of shares he holds. 1    Leaderboard: This section is used to introduce competitiveness among the users. The person with the maximum money in hand leads the board. This will encourage the players to use the application more in order to obtain the coveted title of “The Richest Man Alive”, which is given to the person who leads the table. News: The News section features the latest news related to the market and the financial world. This section will help keep the user up-to-date with the latest happenings and help him enhance his knowledge . Scores: The user can score from both the Quiz part and the market part of the game.  Quiz-Scoring pattern: The user is awarded Rs.500/- for a correct answer. If the user continues giving the right answers for the succeeding questions then he is given a multiple of the spree as reward for that question. This encourages the users to take the Quiz as an opportunity to redeem themselves in case they run into a low in the Market part.  For Example: Suppose the user answers one question correct he is given Rs.500/-. If he answers the next one correct he is awarded a sum of 2*Rs500/-=Rs.1000/-, for the second question. If he gets 3 in a row the third question will contain a value of 3*Rs500/-=Rs.1500/- and so on.  Market-Scoring Pattern: The user is allowed to use the money he generates from the quiz in the market where he can do the basic operations like buy and sell. The market brings in the entertain quotient to the game where the user stands a chance to make a fortune by making investments. Help: This section gives a detail on the scoring pattern and the goal of the game.
